附加条款 Additional Terms

对于数据包，我们允许您进行修改或公开修改后的版本，但必须满足以下条件：
1. 必须继续使用包含附加条款在内的全部协议；你可以附加额外的限制，但不允许删除或修改已有的限制条目。
2. 必须在适当位置明确标注制作组名单，并附上午夜灵魂官方发布渠道（哔哩哔哩或 Github 仓库）的链接。
3. 不得添加任何可能引起误解的内容，或以任何方式暗示你的作品与午夜灵魂官方有任何直接关联或认可。
4. 不得加入任何通过付费手段获取的非装饰性内容，例如额外攻击力，额外能力或额外机制（包括但不限于场地机制与游戏机制）。

对于存档文件，我们允许您进行修改或公开修改后的版本，但必须满足以下条件：
1. 不得在没有得到再次授权的情况下发布包含其他创作者所创作场地的地图，这些场地的版权仍归其各自的创作者所有。
2. 你所发布的《午夜灵魂》修改版本可以包含带有 "<Original>" 标识的原创地图，但这些地图在取得授权前不得用于任意公开发布的其他地图。
3. 其他创作者所创作场地的授权可以经由游戏内链接找到其原发布页，并按照原发布页上的授权方式进行授权；午夜灵魂原创地图的授权可以向制作组取得。
4. 此外，存档文件还适用上文数据包的全部附加条款。

You are permitted to modify the Midsoul datapack or publicly release modified versions, provided that the following conditions are met:
1. You must continue to use the full license agreement, including these additional terms; you may impose additional restrictions, but you may not delete or modify any existing restriction clauses.
2. You must clearly credit the production team in an appropriate location and include a link to the official release channels of Midnight Soul (Bilibili or the GitHub repository).
3. You must not add any content that may cause misunderstanding, or in any way imply that your work has any direct association with or endorsement from the official Midnight Soul team.
4. You must not incorporate any non-cosmetic content obtained through paid means, such as additional attack damage, additional abilities, or additional mechanics (including but not limited to terrain mechanics and game mechanics).

You are permitted to modify the Midnight Soul save file or publicly release modified versions, provided that the following conditions are met:
1. You may not release maps that include terrains created by other creators without further authorization; the copyrights of these terrains remain with their respective creators.
2. The modified version of Midnight Soul that you release may include original maps marked with "<Original>", but these maps may not be used in any other publicly released map without obtaining authorization.
3. Authorization for terrains created by other creators can be obtained via the in-game link to their original release pages, and such authorization shall follow the terms specified on those original release pages; authorization for original Midsoul maps can be obtained from the production team.
4. In addition, the above additional terms for the datapack also apply to the save file.